= tuwien_logon

This gem is an authentication solution for ruby applications being used at the Vienna University of Technology.

== Note

You will only be able to use this gem for authentication if you have already registered your application at the ZID. Find more information at http://www.zid.tuwien.ac.at/sts/dateninfrastruktur/authentifizierungsservice.
Unfortunately this page is only provided in german though.

== Installation

Installing tuwien_logon is rather simple:

    gem install tuwien_logon
    
In your application you just have to require the gem in order to use it:

    require 'tuwien_logon'

== Usage

You can easily retrieve user information like this:

    user = TuwienLogon::UserInfo.find_by_oid(1234567)
    
The following attributes can be accessed on success:

    user.oid
    user.firstname
    user.lastname
    user.title
    user.matriculation_number
    user.institute_symbol
    
You can change the name of these attributes in the configuration.

== Configuration

You can alter the following configuration options, here their default values are shown:

    TuwienLogon.config.user_info_url     = 'https://iu.zid.tuwien.ac.at/AuthServ.userInfo'
    TuwienLogon.config.user_info_params  = [:oid, :firstname, :lastname, :title, :matriculation_number, :institute_symbol]

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Clemens Helm. See LICENSE for details.
